Name;Wage;Skills;Description
Abbot;4;"Diplomacy,Heal,Knowledge";"An Abbot is divine spellcaster trained to take care of a Temple or religious organization and its members. She's typically a 3rd-level adept, cleric, druid, or oracle, with light armor (or no armor, if an adept) and a weapon appropriate to her faith."
Accountant;3;"Appraise,Knowledge,Linguistics,Profession";"An Accountant maintains financial records and balances an organization's or building's budget. He's typically a 3rd-level expert and not a combatant, though he could be from any skilled class that makes good use of high mental ability scores."
Captain;5;"Acrobatics,Diplomacy,Knowledge,Profession";"A Captain is a master sailor who runs a shipping operation. She's typically a 3rd-level expert, rogue, or fighter. a Captain can be in charge of a mercantile organization, a pirate fleet, or a business that ferries people from port to port."
Doctor;5;"Heal,Perception,Sense Motive,Survival";"A Doctor is trained to treat all manner of maladies and injuries. He's typically a 3rd-level adept, cleric, druid, or oracle. An expert can make a suitable Doctor, but can heal and treat wounds and diseases with only mundane methods or the use of magic items. a Doctor is typically in charge of a Hospital or organization that provides medical care."
Guildmaster (Artisans' Guild);3;"Appraise,Craft,Diplomacy,Profession";"A artisans' Guildmaster is skilled at her art and capable of running a group of like-minded artisans. She's typically a 3rd-level bard, expert, rogue, or member of another skilled class. a Guildmaster handles the day-to-day duties of running an Artisan's Guild: basic administration, educating guild members, and working at her trade."
Guildmaster (Thieves' Guild);5;"Appraise,Bluff,Disable Device,Knowledge";"A thieves' Guildmaster manages a criminal organization. He's typically a 3rd-level bard, cleric, expert, rogue, or sorcerer. a Guildmaster runs the day-to-day operation of a Thieves' Guild: basic administration, training recruits, managing current operations, and devising new schemes."
Headmaster;3;"Diplomacy,Knowledge,Profession";"A Headmaster manages a place of learning, such as a Bardic College, Magical Academy, or University. She's typically a 3rd-level alchemist, bard, expert, rogue, sorcerer, wizard, or witch. Running an establishment of higher learning includes basic administration, educating students, and ongoing research."
Innkeeper;2;"Appraise,Diplomacy,Knowledge,Profession";"An Innkeeper runs an establishment focused on hospitality. He's typically a 3rd-level commoner or expert, but could also be a retired fighter, rogue, or warrior. An Innkeeper sees to the day-to-day operation of an Inn, Tavern, hotel, restaurant, or exclusive private social club."
Lieutenant;4;"Diplomacy,Intimidate,Knowledge,Perception";"A Lieutenant leads a unit containing Guards, mercenaries, or troops. She's typically a 3rd-level cavalier, fighter, or ranger, but could be a barbarian, bard, inquisitor, warrior, or member of any class devoted to martial combat. a Lieutenant manages troops assignments and needs, sees to their training, and participates in military operations."
Master Smith;4;"Appraise,Craft,Perception,Profession";"A Master Smith oversees a productive business. He's typically a 3rd-level bard, expert, rogue, or member of another skilled class. a Master Smith runs the day-to-day operations of a production facility devoted to a particular trade, trains apprentices, and works on the more challenging and masterful creations being produced."
Partner;4;"Bluff,Diplomacy,Knowledge,Profession";"A Partner is a prominent leader in a barrister's office. She's typically a 3rd-level bard, expert, rogue, sorcerer, wizard, or member of another skilled class that depends on mental ability scores. a Partner sees to the organization's legal needs."
Sensei;2;"Acrobatics,Intimidate,Knowledge,Perception";"A Sensei heads a Dojo or martial Monastery. He's typically a 3rd-level monk, but could have levels in any martial or Wisdom-based class. A Sensei sees to the training of students and manages day-to-day operations."
Smuggler;3;"Appraise,Bluff,Knowledge,Sleight of Hand";"A Smuggler is a merchant accustomed to performing her duties beneath the notice of authorities. She's typically a 3rd-level bard, expert, rogue, or member of any class devoted to subterfuge. A Smuggler might run a Black Market, illegal caravan, or ring of smuggling ships."
Stage Manager;2;"Diplomacy,Disguise,Perform";"A Stage Manager oversees an artistic organization or building devoted to the arts. He's typically a 3rd-level expert, but could instead be a bard, rogue, or member of any class with skills suiting the fine arts. A Stage Manager spends his day seeing to the operations of the theater, instructing performers, and promoting featured acts."
Steward;2;"Diplomacy,Knowledge,Knowledge,Sense Motive";"A Steward manages a large residential building like a Castle, Mansion, or Noble Villa. She's typically a 3rd-level adept, commoner, or expert. A Steward manages the day-to-day operations of an estate, coordinates the work of the servants and disciplines any whose performance is unsatisfactory, and ensures that the lords and ladies of the house want for nothing."
Underboss;2;"Appraise,Bluff,Intimidate,Knowledge";"An Underboss follows the direct orders of a crime boss or anyone running a violent criminal organization. He's typically a 3rd-level bard, cleric, expert, fighter, or rogue. An Underboss follows his superior's orders, maintains the organization's goals, and manages subordinates."
Warden;2;"Diplomacy,Intimidate,Knowledge,Sense Motive";"A warden oversees a Jail, dungeon, or other place where people are detained. She's typically a 3rd-level cleric, expert, fighter, inquisitor, warrior, or member of any class suited to combat and guile. a warden sees to the needs of the guards employed within the Jail as well as those of the prisoners', and monitors conditions within the facility."
